This is version: $Id: FAQ,v 1.6 2001/07/25 05:49:45 bf Exp $ of this faq.



Table of Contents

0       About This FAQ
0.1     How do I use it?
0.2     What if I don't Find any Help Here?
0.3     Contact Info
0.4     Support
1       What is eZ publish
1.1     One Liner
1.2     Short Description
1.3     Long Description
2       If the Software Fails to Work at All
3       Error Messages
3.1     Database is Missing
3.2     Missing Function
4.      Problems Logging In
4.1     How Do I Log In as Administrator?
4.2     Forgot Password Doesn't Work For Admin
5.	Misc
5.1     Can't upload big files
5.2	' and " appear as \" and \', why?



0. About This FAQ
0.1 How do I use it?

Use a text editor to read this file, then use the find/search functonality
of your editor to search for any words regarding your problem. Also use the
headings as a guide to the sections and what they cover.



0.2 What If I Don't Find Any Help Here?

Then you should check search or browse the eZ publish / eZ trade forums at:

    http://developer.ez.no/forum/categorylist.

If the forums fail to help you, you should search the mailing list:

    http://lists.ez.no/pipermail/publish-list/

If the maling list fails you, try asking a question in one of the forums or
the mailing list; but make sure that you have done an adequate search and
exhausted the documentation.



0.3 Contact Info
0.3.1 Web Site

The main web site for information about eZ publish is:

    http://developer.ez.no

eZ publish is made by eZ systems as, Norway, main website is:

    http://ez.no



0.3.2 Mailing Lists

You can subscribe to the public lists available for eZ publish through this
website:

    http://lists.ez.no/mailman/listinfo

Follow the links to one of the mailing lists and follow the instructions on
that page to register with the list.



0.3.2 Discussion Forums

You can find discussion forums at developer.ez.no where you can discuss
eZ publish with other users. The address is:

    http://lists.ez.no/pipermail/publish-list/



0.4 Support
0.4.1 Commercial

You can aquire different support options for eZ publish, visit our online
shop to read more about the commercial support:

    http://sourceprovider.com/trade/productlist/2



0.4.2 Community Based

The community based support is available for all users of eZ publish; you
will find it at our web site, forums and mailing lists. See chapter
"0.3 Contact Info" for addresses to these.



1 What is eZ publish?
1.1 One Line Description

eZ publish is a content management system for e-commerce, e-publishing and intranets.



1.2 Short Description

eZ publish is a web based application suite. It delivers functionality
ranging from publishing of news, web logs and diaries, through web shop
functionality like shopping carts and wishlists and forums to intranet
functions like contact handling and bug reporting.

The software uses caching and other optimization techniques to speed up
page serving. It handles users, user preferences and user tracking through
a user database and both cookie-based and non-cookie sessions.

It supports statistics for page views, links followed and banner ads, both
images and HTML with presentation logic.

The package lends itself easily to customization, from changing the look
and feel by changing templates, localizing the languages and other
internationalization issues to adding new functionality.

The target audience for eZ publish are e-commerce, ASP (Application Service
Providers), BSP (Business Service Providers), news publishing, intranets,
bug reporting, content management, discussion boards, FAQ and knowledge
handling, file and image management, group ware, calendaring, polls, todo
lists, appointments as well as personal web sites.



1.3 Long Description

Together with the distribution you will find a file which describes
eZ publish extensively. Read that for more info, then visit the eZ publish
site:

    http://developer.ez.no



2 If the Software Fails to Work at All

You should always make sure that you've followed the INSTALL text file in
this distribution, and that you've downloaded the configuration manual and
configured the software accordingly. 



3. Error Messages
3.1 Database is Missing

Are you sure that you configured site.ini to point to your database? Did
you provide a correct user name and password? Did you follow the INSTALL
file and the information about installing the database?



3.2 Missing Functions
3.2.1 "qdom_tree()"

You've failed to install the QT package properly, please visit
http://www.trolltech.com and read how you should install QT.

A common problem is that you might have several versions of QT
installed.



3.2.2 "xmltree()"

You've failed to install the libXml2 package properly, please visit
the site http://xmlsoft.org/#Downloads



4. Problems Logging In
4.1 How Do I Log In as Administrator?

To log in as administrator you have to point your browser to your admin
site, probably called something like http://admin.yoursite.com, if you
followed the installation instructions. On the login screen you can login
as "admin" and with the password "publish".



4.2 Forgot Password Doesn't Work For Admin

You probably failed to change the default e-mail address of the
administrator, and thus you don't get the e-mails. Use this SQL to cahnge
the password of the administrator user through the mysql client:

    INSERT INTO eZUser_User SET Password=PASSWORD('publish') WHERE Login='admin';

5. Misc questions

5.1 Can't upload big files

You must configure php to handle files bigger than 2MB.


5.2 ' and " appear as \" and \', why?

eZ publish 2.1 and newer must have magick quotes disabled to work propperly. eZ publish 
handles the escaping of characters by itself.


